README.md, before:

# C&L Page Services — Lead Finder

A production-ready tool to discover **the 5 industries most in need of SEO/AEO** each week in a target geography, then identify and score businesses, generate detailed sales intelligence reports, and notify you for hot leads.

- **Weekly schedule (Sundays)** via APScheduler (local run) or GitHub Actions (CI).
- **Industry Discovery**: Ranks industries by "SEO need" using multiple signals.
- **Lead Finder**: Enumerates businesses and runs light SEO/AEO checks.
- **Scoring**: Weighted score for buy signals.
- **Outputs**: Google Sheet + CSV archive.
- **Alerts**: Slack webhook for hot leads.

> Works great with VS Code + Augment Code. Fill in `.env`, keep coding, and ship.

---

## Quickstart

### Option 1: Streamlit UI (Recommended)

1. **Clone / unzip** this project.
2. Create and fill **.env** from `.env.example` (API keys & config).
3. Install deps:
   ```bash
   python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. **Launch the UI**:
   ```bash
   streamlit run app.py
   ```
5. Use the UI to:
   - Run manual searches
   - Configure weekly automation
   - View results dashboard with full sales intelligence reports

See **[UI_GUIDE.md](UI_GUIDE.md)** for detailed UI documentation.

### Option 2: Command Line

1. Follow steps 1-3 above
2. Run once locally to test:
   ```bash
   python main.py --geo "Houston, TX"
   ```
3. (Optional) Enable GitHub Actions with your secrets to run weekly.

### Required/Optional APIs
- **SERP**: SerpAPI or Google Custom Search (SERPAPI_KEY or GCS creds)
- **Traffic/Backlinks (optional)**: Ahrefs/Semrush API
- **PageSpeed/Lighthouse (optional)**: PSI API (PageSpeed Insights)
- **Contacts (optional)**: Hunter.io or Clearbit
- **Sheets**: Service Account JSON or OAuth; see `sheets_io.py`

> All integrations are **optional**. Stubs and fallbacks are provided so you can iterate safely.

---

## Scheduling

### APScheduler (local/server)
- `main.py` registers a weekly job **Sundays 9:00 America/Chicago** (default).

### GitHub Actions (CI)
- `workflows/weekly.yml` runs on Sundays at **15:00 UTC**. Adjust if needed.
  - During CDT (Mar–Nov), 15:00 UTC = 10:00 CT.
  - During CST (Nov–Mar), 15:00 UTC = 09:00 CT.

---

## Output Columns (Google Sheet)

```
[RunDate, Geo, Industry, BusinessName, Website, Email, Phone, City, TechStack,
 CoreWebVitals_LCP, HasSchema, HasFAQ, HasOrg, MetaTitleOK, MetaDescOK,
 ContentFreshMonths, TrafficTrend_90d, Issues, Score, Notes, Source]
```

---

## Extend

- Add vertical-specific checks (e.g., inventory pages for auto, service pages for law).
- Pipe into HubSpot/Notion: see `alerts.py` for a template.
- Use the `prompts/aeo_summary.md` template to auto-generate outreach blurbs.

Commit message:

Add Google Sheets & Drive integration
- Add drive_io.py module for Google Drive uploads
- Update report_generator.py to upload sales reports to Drive
- Update sheets_io.py to upload CSV files to Drive
- Add GOOGLE_DRIVE_FOLDER_ID to .env
- Update GitHub Actions workflow with all required secrets
- Add comprehensive GOOGLE_SETUP_GUIDE.md with step-by-step instructions
- Add GOOGLE_DRIVE_INTEGRATION.md overview
- Update README.md with Google integration info
- Fix app.py sales report download button to show file size and match reports correctly

README.md, after:

# C&L Page Services — Lead Finder

A production-ready tool to discover **the 5 industries most in need of SEO/AEO** each week in a target geography, then identify and score businesses, generate detailed sales intelligence reports, and notify you for hot leads.

- **Weekly schedule (Sundays)** via APScheduler (local run) or GitHub Actions (CI).
- **Industry Discovery**: Ranks industries by "SEO need" using multiple signals.
- **Lead Finder**: Enumerates businesses and runs light SEO/AEO checks.
- **Scoring**: Weighted score for buy signals.
- **Outputs**: Google Sheet + CSV archive.
- **Alerts**: Slack webhook for hot leads.

> Works great with VS Code + Augment Code. Fill in `.env`, keep coding, and ship.

---

## Quickstart

### Option 1: Streamlit UI (Recommended)

1. **Clone / unzip** this project.
2. Create and fill **.env** from `.env.example` (API keys & config).
3. Install deps:
   ```bash
   python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. **Launch the UI**:
   ```bash
   streamlit run app.py
   ```
5. Use the UI to:
   - Run manual searches
   - Configure weekly automation
   - View results dashboard with full sales intelligence reports

See **[UI_GUIDE.md](UI_GUIDE.md)** for detailed UI documentation.

### Option 2: Command Line

1. Follow steps 1-3 above
2. Run once locally to test:
   ```bash
   python main.py --geo "Houston, TX"
   ```
3. (Optional) Enable GitHub Actions with your secrets to run weekly.

### Required/Optional APIs
- **SERP**: DataForSEO (recommended) or SerpAPI
- **Google Places**: For finding businesses
- **PageSpeed Insights**: For Core Web Vitals analysis
- **LLM**: Claude (Anthropic) or OpenAI for detailed SEO analysis
- **Traffic/Backlinks (optional)**: Ahrefs/Semrush API
- **Contacts (optional)**: Hunter.io or Clearbit
- **Google Sheets & Drive (optional)**: Service Account JSON; see **[GOOGLE_SETUP_GUIDE.md](GOOGLE_SETUP_GUIDE.md)**

> All integrations are **optional**. Stubs and fallbacks are provided so you can iterate safely.

### Google Sheets & Drive Integration

To automatically upload results to Google Sheets and sales reports to Google Drive:

1. Follow the detailed setup guide: **[GOOGLE_SETUP_GUIDE.md](GOOGLE_SETUP_GUIDE.md)**
2. This enables:
   - ✅ CSV data uploaded to Google Sheets (structured, filterable)
   - ✅ Sales reports uploaded to Google Drive (full intelligence reports)
   - ✅ Access from anywhere, easy team collaboration

---

## Scheduling

### APScheduler (local/server)
- `main.py` registers a weekly job **Sundays 9:00 America/Chicago** (default).

### GitHub Actions (CI)
- `workflows/weekly.yml` runs on Sundays at **15:00 UTC**. Adjust if needed.
  - During CDT (Mar–Nov), 15:00 UTC = 10:00 CT.
  - During CST (Nov–Mar), 15:00 UTC = 09:00 CT.

---

## Output Columns (Google Sheet)

```
[RunDate, Geo, Industry, BusinessName, Website, Email, Phone, City, TechStack,
 CoreWebVitals_LCP, HasSchema, HasFAQ, HasOrg, MetaTitleOK, MetaDescOK,
 ContentFreshMonths, TrafficTrend_90d, Issues, Score, Notes, Source]
```

---

## Extend

- Add vertical-specific checks (e.g., inventory pages for auto, service pages for law).
- Pipe into HubSpot/Notion: see `alerts.py` for a template.
- Use the `prompts/aeo_summary.md` template to auto-generate outreach blurbs.
